Add Top level contributing guideline (#50)
NVIDIA/TensorRT-Incubator: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing To TensorRT-Incubator Project

> This repository currently host two projects i.e. [tripy](./README.md) and [mlir-tensorrt](../mlir-tensorrt/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository currently hosts two projects: [tripy](./tripy/README.md) and [mlir-tensorrt](./mlir-tensorrt/README.md).
```
